[ADD] hr: create new hr documentation about the employee directory (#656)
odoo/documentation-user: hr/overview/directory.rst

==================
Employee Directory
==================

The Employee Directory  allows you to create and manage all the employees in your Database. From the Directory, you can
create departments and organize your company’s structure.

Configuration
=============

Go to :menuselection:`Employee → Employee Directory`. The employee Directory is the default dashboard for the Employee

> Application.

Author: deleted it

Using the Employee Directory
============================

From the *Employee Directory*, filter your employees by *Company*, *Department*, *Manager* or simply use the search bar
to find a specific employee.

> .. image:: media/employee-dashboard.png

Author: It's not perfect but ok

   :align: center

>    :alt: Employee Directory

Author: Yep got it !

.. tip::
   You can search for old employees by setting the filter to “archived”.

From there  you can check employee presence in an instant.

Employee Presence
=================

Employee presence tools help better report employee attendance and take actions for employees who are not present.( Send

> a sms / e-mail reminder / put a one day leave ). Different online presence methods can be set up in the settings.

Author: Corrected this !

Configuration
-------------

> Go to :menuselection:`Employee → Configuration →Settings`

Reviewer: `menuselection` uses `-->` rather than `→`

.. image:: media/advanced-settings.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Advanced presence control

Pick the best method to track employee presence by criteria that fit your company.

Presence Control
----------------

Based on attendance: The user is considered "at work" if they're identified in the app “attendances.”

Based on user status in the system: The user is considered “at work” if he is logged in to your database. This user
stays active as long as he’s connected to the database and for a period of 30 min after he disconnects.

> Advanced Presence Control
> -------------------------
> 
> Based on number of emails sent: Define a number of emails to send for the user to be considered present. Once the user
> has reached the number of emails he’s present for the rest of the day. If the user does not reach the email goal he will
> appear as absent.
> 
> Based on IP address: The user is considered "at work" if they're logged in to the database via a specific IP address.
> Every IP address that needs to be checked has to be filled in the settings.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Employee Status
---------------

> The different control methods will impact the status of each employee.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The different setting options impact the status of each employee.
```

- **At work** if a user fits one of the criteria defined in the settings (green dot).
- **Absent** if the user is not at work and no time off has been taken (red dot).

> - **Off** if a user is on *time off* or if he's out of his time defined in the calendar.

Reviewer 2: This title could me maybe and its information rephrased and added along the rest of the doc?
